what a nice weekend it's time to
tea
hello friends countries happy weekend
today for all who are celebrating
nice things and in love a hug very
great for all of you happy day of
all my heart that God bless you and
God bless you that not only will you
we show love a better day all the
days of the year many to the best day of
today way to celebrate the cinema way
Buy your partners very expensive things
very luxurious and well, that's why I want
tell them a joke today and see
a joke
What do you say
is talking about those who are going to go to
movie theater
you know why they took the dog
Because film he got
and you know what a dog does with a
drill that is tilling
they gave him a drill now you know
friends bye that many people then
now on the day of love and friendship
they are going to give expensive things expensive things
They want to show love through the
gifts but he is not the one who loves the most
gives a lot not in this world that is already
so corrupt and in this world that is
on the contrary we have forgotten to love the
People are people to love
and the objects to use them but today the
people love objects and use
others
How sad it is that many go to the movies
supposedly to watch a love movie
true where in the movies no longer
it's true love, the love it offers
this world is superficial only what
we see like that but we have stopped turning to
see true love in love that comes
from above let me tell you the light of Jesus
is above the 50 shades of no
I know who's so sad that because of those
movies use women as a
object in the name of love
we have to start seeing the real
love that comes from above the love that is
especially a man that love that
I give Jesus on a cross for you and for
my
that love is not under any shade
it is above giving light to everyone who
wants to see him look for him and follow him love
that this world offers is over but the
God's love is infinite and forever
look for that love every day
only one day especially of everything
I hope God bless you
we value more people and
we love more and I do not like them for
objects blessings countries for all and
that is not the only day of love all
the days are full of love of love
God ' blessings countries for you and dance